a wonderful good day my
ladies and gentlemen my name is transfer
with me in the teamspeak the david egger the
title so reason the alex part what goes
at a party and we play here
robo power that's what the thing is here
I've just seen myself here
assembled and the others are hanging there
also just in the garage and at
Give us a bit of free to play it
it always makes me a lot of brocken here
now all the time and I thought so
I'll just take a match
clearly back on us such becker
on walthert jigsaw sad sad it
hurts me so little technical
defects
where are you then endenich comes to you
It's not bad at all, actually
now have the things a bit there
I'm looking hingebaut why I
to protect front no more triangles
but okay completely configured with that
Weapons why spider legs why the
Complete the middle of a jump games
However, with his support wheels on
Tank would be
he's actually pretty good
held
it 's a bit like the real ones
tank on frontal much more
patient
the lesson is no longer a wing yes
I know so the teabag old with
his carton and one i have
Turned whole wing we have so
do not make me regret to advance out
I have to take the time to visit the Nabucco
I'm floating now from scratch
simply mega ugly armor ago
just what should be totally disabled
one time who joins total shock and
the audience then choose the
Comments ok ok ok do you stop time?
theme is set
32 1 degree I have to go I have to
only mature or only to the blocks
put blocks directly on the floor
thinks there after three minutes 33 minutes
expired
I have not even seen it
but I did not want to have that
links are just on top of it somewhere
is only half finished is not built
finished what I do here
front back from whole rear style my
name is not even age yes people in the
comments write which armor of the
better one was a do not need it
mine as the best
yes clearly open I have at least
cannons had already stopped you
it still has to be women after the passage of time
The 05 cannons are on it
actually what she disqualifies no
no no no no friend so go
that does not
So you found it wide over the bridge
did not suspect car shoots
meanwhile on the bridge railings yes
I know it does not come that far anymore
no, even kill old played
Did not you apply ?
I'm always like that she writes in the
Comments